in the occupied West Bank where violence
has escalated since the War Began
Israeli forces killed seven Palestinians
in the city of Janine according to the
Palestinian Health Ministry control of
the West Bank apart from East Jerusalem
was handed to the Palestinian Authority
in 1994 to administer fully in some
areas or jointly with Israel in others
but about 60% of the land in the West
Bank is still run by Israel alone Lucy
Williamson has sent this report from the
West
Bank since the war in Gaza began
Israel's raids in the West Bank have
become more frequent and more
forceful the city of Janine now a weekly
Battleground the leaders of Hamas seen
as Heroes of resistance by many
teenagers here the road outside the main
hospital littered with their own
attempts at
confrontation the Israeli Army operation
is still ongoing here in Janine we've
heard bursts of small arms fire from the
city over here and some maneuvering of
vehicles up at the hospital near the
entrance to the camp apart from that and
a few groups of young men here on the
street it's
deserted seven people died during the
military operation today Israel says its
raids Target members of armed groups
many with Israeli blood on their
hands but Janine's Hospital director
told us the dead here included a
chronically ill 13-year-old child who
was blocked from reaching the hospital
in time the Persistence of invasion and
incursion to Janine and killing the
young people this is will make the
people inside Janine more angry and more
angry because every day we lost one one
of our friends one of our people
this will not bring the peace for
Israeli this will bring more resistance
and more resistance a youth leader with
the West Bank's ruling party fata told
me that support for Hamas among young
people was at an alltime high and that
the Hamas attacks on the 7th of October
were a turning point for Palestinians as
well as for
Israelis many others here
agree Ian youth had priorities and wish
lists about owning a house or getting a
degree but after the 7th of October I
think these priorities have totally
changed there are rising voices for full
liberation of the Homeland through
resistance whether that resistance is
peaceful or
armed night after night Israel's raids
in the West Bank reinforced the message
many he read in the Hamas attacks that
cooperation doesn't lessen
occupation Israel is fighting to
eradicate Hamas in Gaza its growing
influence here may be harder to
destroy Lucy Williamson BBC News Janine